Reorganize "Update and migration" (#2519)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/update_and_migration/from_4.4/update_from_4.4.md

php bin/console ibexa:migrations:migrate --file=order_permissions.yaml
```

## Update to v4.5.latest

> You can now continue with the application of the 4.5 patches instructions starting with [v4.5.2](update_from_4.5.md#v452).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now continue applying the instructions for the 4.5 patch releases, starting with [v4.5.2](update_from_4.5.md#v452).
```
